"Use cases" can roughly be interpreted as "Pages"

XML-RPC USE CASE 1: "Coming Soon" shows page

1. Client queries server for shows matching society, in a certain date range, sorted by start date
2. Server returns number of shows this matches, and basic details on all of them
3. Client sends individual queries for each show to expand details on each show. Ideally this uses system.multicall
4. Server returns these details.
5. Client displays all of these shows in order.

XML-RPC USE CASE 2: Archives Index
1. Client queries server for shows matching user query (which by default is all shows in past), specifying number to
display and the offset to start from.
2. Server returns number of shows this matches, and basic details on the specified number of them, starting from the
specified offset
3. Client displays this basic information on the specified number of shows (with a link to display more detail), and
uses the displayed number, offset and total number to display page navigation.

XML-RPC USE CASE 3: Archives Detail

1. Client queries server for expanded informaion for specified show
2. Server returns expanded information, including list of people involved in show.
3. Client displays this expanded information, with links to expand each person, and society.

XML-RPC USE CASE 4: Archives People

1. Client queries server for list of shows a specified person was involved in
2. Server returns basic info on shows specified person was involved in
3. Client displays this info, with a link to expand each show.

XML-RPC USE CASE 5: Society detail

1. Client queries server for details on specified society
2. Server returns info on specified society.
3. Client displays this info.

XML-RPC USE CASE 6: Diary

Needs thinking about...

XML-RPC USE CASE 7: Stores

Also needs thinking about, need to find out from cuadc what they want.

XML-RPC USE CASE 8: Auditions/Tech Adverts/Application Adverts Index

1. Client queries server for basic details on shows with auditions/tech adverts/applications adverts
2. Server returns basic details on these shows
3. Client queries server for auditions details/tech details/application adverts for each show.
4. Server returns auditions details for each show
5. Client displays this information, with a link for further information

XML-RPC USE CASE 9: Auditions/Tech Adverts/Application Adverts Detail
1. Client queries server for full details on specified show, with auditions details/tech details/application adverts
detail.
2. Server returns full info including advert details
3. Client displays this information.
